gh-111058: Change coro.cr_frame/gen.gi_frame to be None for a closed coroutine/generator. (#112428)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-11-26-21-30-11.gh-issue-111058.q4DqDY.rst

> Change coro.cr_frame to return ``None`` after the coroutine has been closed.
> This fixes a bug where :func:`~inspect.getcoroutinestate` returns the wrong
> state for a closed coroutine.

Author: ```suggestion
Change coro.cr_frame/gen.gi_frame to return ``None`` after the coroutine/generator has been closed.
This fixes a bug where :func:`~inspect.getcoroutinestate` and :fund:`~inspect.getgeneratorstate`
return the wrong state for a closed coroutine/generator.
```

> This fixes a bug where :func:`~inspect.getcoroutinestate` and :fund:`~inspect.getgeneratorstate`

Author: ```suggestion
This fixes a bug where :func:`~inspect.getcoroutinestate` and :func:`~inspect.getgeneratorstate`
```
